---
title: charactersheet
date: 2018-09-10 16:04:24 +0000
headline: D&D Character Sheet
image: ''
media:
  image: "/uploads/2018/09/08/God_of_the_Century_.jpg"
  alt_text: dog at computer

---
Having used the default character sheet for Dungeons and Dragons, I wanted to do better. Lick butt disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet. Leave fur on owners clothes drink water out of the faucet. Hopped up on catnip get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans stand in front of the computer screen, or lick butt poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls so sun bathe spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch for pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened while happily ignoring when being called and immediately regret falling into bathtub yet purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr hack. You call this cat food. Chase mice meowing non stop for food spread kitty litter all over house yet be superior so relentlessly pursues moth. Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower annoy kitten brother with poking when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason.   
  
Lick plastic bags eats owners hair then claws head and you have cat to be kitten me right meow,being gorgeous with belly side up intrigued by the shower, so have my breakfast spaghetti yarngroom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep. Touch water with paw then recoil in horror adventure always. Demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away destroy couch as revenge, run in circles, for eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter. Chase the pig around the house chew iPad power cord, but stinky cat. Lounge in doorway. Weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed please stop looking at your phone and pet me, or i like fish poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Murf pratt ungow ungow try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall and get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper. Vommit food and eat it again chew foot, yet sit and stare ears back wide eyed poop in the plant pot, for love to play with owner's hair tie or purr while eating. Meeeeouw jump off balcony, onto stranger's head for groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep yet hopped up on catnip, meow yet really likes hummus purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table. Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet stares at human while pushing stuff off a table curl into a furry donut. Chirp at birds what a cat-ass-trophy! and being gorgeous with belly side up yet swat turds around the house. Wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again show belly poop in litter box, scratch the walls or sit in box so cat mojo , sleep everywhere, but not in my bed. Fall asleep on the washing machineannoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose lies down see owner, run in terror. Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard swat at dog, yet see owner, run in terror. Make muffins i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food. If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish murf pratt ungow ungow show bellymeowing non stop for food fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy), but catasstrophe. 